Update for docsmobile v2.0.0 (#27)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/manage-your-project-rest-api.mdx

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

> You can manage serverless projects using Elastic Cloud's [Project Management](https://docs.elastic.co/api-reference/project-management) REST API. This API allows you to create, update, and delete projects, as well as manage project features and usage.

Author: ```suggestion
You can manage serverless projects using the [Elastic Cloud Serverless REST API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elastic-cloud-serverless). This API allows you to create, update, and delete projects, as well as manage project features and usage.
```

The Project Management API is documented using the [OpenAPI Specification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenAPI_Specification). The current supported version of the specification is `3.0`.

> For details, check the [API reference](https://docs.elastic.co/api-reference) or download the [OpenAPI Specification](https://docs.elastic.co/api-reference/openapi/serverless-project-api.yml).

Author: ```suggestion
For details, check the [API reference](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elastic-cloud-serverless) or download the [OpenAPI Specification](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elastic-cloud-serverless.yaml).
```
